hi I'm chef Rick Tramonto from Chicago
and this is Fantastico
okay the next little dish I'm gonna make
for you guys is gonna be these roasted
baby beets that I roasted earlier I
roasted them on the salt and I brought
them out of the oven and peeled them and
I quartered them and they're yellow
golden beets and they are little baby
red beets so we just kind of chilled
them down and we're gonna set them aside
we're gonna make a little vinaigrette
for them and the first thing we're gonna
do is we have a little bit of honey and
I use this really high-quality honey
called Topol AHA and then I'm gonna take
a little bit of a shallot and we're
going to dice up a shallot throw that
right in there and hit it with some
fresh orange I love honey and orange and
again some fresh orange zest and some
olive oil
we're gonna just kind of whisk this
together
sets us aside and we're gonna mix these
half of the yellow and the red beets and
I put a little bit of julienne mint and
some basil in with the shallot dress
those beets again a little bit of salt
and pepper and a little bit of chili
flake just to give it a little bit of
heat a little pepper and pepperoncini
flake all these beautiful colors golden
yellow and ruby red we're gonna finish
this again with just a little bit of
flat-leaf parsley Italian flat-leaf
parsley that I just love it's got you
know it's got great earthiness it's got
great background flavors and you know
when I use flat leaf parsley
I don't chop it super fine I kind of
just leave it as big pieces so you can
really kind of get bites of them and
that's it roasted baby beet salad simple
you do big platters of this just lay
them out on the table
lots of sharing